Previously on
"Resident Alien..."
Hello, asshole.
I have Asta on my side,
and we will find out
why you are here.
You will tell me everything
that you know about Harry.
I have him trapped.
- I printed out this still.
This guy in the passenger seat
is the key
to our whole investigation.
I'm not getting
a lot of sleep,
thanks to the owl
outside my window.
You just need to get out of
the house for a little bit.
- I know the perfect place.
- Yellowstone.
I have been trying to learn
what the Greys
are doing on Earth,
and perhaps the answer
has been in Mayor Snowflake's
foot all along.
Yeah.
Hi.
My sweet girl.
Oh, my sweet girl.
Hi.
My sweet girl.
No.
Ten more minutes, please!
No! Come back!
At least let me remember
this time.
Please, let me remember!
You had no business
dragging Asta into your mess.
You could have gotten her
killed by that alien.
What the hell
were you thinking?
I can't remember
what the hell I was thinking
with such an empty stomach.
Should someone
turn on the griddle?
That's your problem.
You don't think of anyone
but yourself.
That is not true.
Other people
will want pancakes.
Also, I'm wearing a shirt
and shoes.
Where is my service?
Dad, yes, it was scary,
but I chose to go.
She's OK.
I had her back,
like I always do.
We were saved
by a 12-year-old boy.
Not if I tell
the story first.
I do not understand
why they are so upset about
Joseph nearly killing them.
Every being
must fight to survive.
Moths camouflage themselves
from predators.
Cacti grow spikes.
Humans are no exception.
They forget they are
surrounded by forces
greater than themselves.
Survival is never guaranteed.
I need to go.
Me and my empty stomach
need to go listen
to the mayor complain about
how his antidepressants
are ruining his sex drive.
I think therapy is supposed
to be confidential.
Also, nasty.
- I said "a mayor."
Some mayor
from some other town,
who hates it when Sheriff Mike
whistles to get his attention.
Uh, well, some other mayor
canceled therapy
because they're going on
a family trip to Yellowstone.
Yellowstone.
Yellowstone!
OK, now, we didn't get
a match on the fingerprint,
so we got to go back
to what we do have.
Now, tell me,
what do you see here, Deputy?
Peter Bach
driving the day he died
and a mystery man
in a plaid shirt next to him.
OK, well let me introduce you
to our unsub, Mr. Plaid, right?
Look how he's sitting--
upright, prepared.
And what does that suggest?
I'll give you a hint.
It begins with the letter M.
- Military.
- Mime.
- That was my second guess.
A mime is a undervalued
physical discipline.
Their posture's active
even when they sitting still,
and you don't ever
hear 'em coming.
We might be looking
at a killer mime.
Or, thinking outside
the invisible box,
what if he were military
but served a long time ago,
which could explain
why we didn't get a hit
on his prints,
because of a backlog
of military archives?
Now, that's true,
but there's just one problem.
There's no mimes
in the military.
They got "Don't talk,
don't tell."
Well, let's take our chances.
We need inside access.
You want to try
your military connections?
No, I don't want
to leave a trail.
Joseph served.
We can have him look into it,
but he didn't come in today.
Well, we should talk
to Detective Torres.
She has connections with every
three-letter agency there is.
Nice try, Deputy.
Think you're gonna
make a phone call
and trick us
into getting back together?
Not a chance.
It's ringing.
Voicemail.
Hi, Detective.
It's Deputy Baker,
over in Patience.
We were wondering if
you could help us with a print
we're trying to nail down.
We've had no luck with AFIS.
And by we, I mean me,
definitely not the Sheriff,
because he has his own life
and he's really...
horny?
Really happy.
I mean, he's happy.
OK, then.
Call me back.
Have you tried writing
with your other hand?
I'm sure--
Oh!
Well, well, well!
Hello, Sheriff.
Came to turn myself in,
since I broke
a few laws last night.
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
All right.
- Mwah!
- Oh, dear God.
- Oh, so Mike?
Mm-hmm?
Uh, I would like for you
to please meet my mom.
This is April.
- Hi.
Doesn't she like so sexy?
Look at that ass.
Show him that ass.
Everyone thinks
that we're sisters, so...
Oh.
People are shocked to hear
that she's
14 years older than me.
Mm!
I bet they are.
I've heard a lot about you, Sheriff.
Hmm?
My daughter
tells me everything.
Everything.
- Everything.
Gross.
- So Mikey?
- Mm-hmm?
I wanted to invite you to
my birthday dinner
this weekend,
which will be so much more fun
with my very special plus-one.
- Oh!
Don't we have
that other thing this weekend?
- No, we do not.
- Mm!
At dinner,
we talk about her dowry.
You drove her off the lot.
You got to pay for it.
Oh!
- Ooh!
- It's spicy margarita!
Spicy mama-rita!
Yeah, that's--
OK.
- OK.
- Mm-hmm.
- So you'll call me?
Yeah.
You want to go
to a party Saturday night?
No, I do not.
Mm, ah.
Now, go put the rest of your
stuff in your backpack, OK?
Why are we going
to Yellowstone in the winter?
It's freezing there.
Winter is the best time
to go anywhere.
Seasonal depression
increases suicide rates,
so fewer people are traveling.
We are going to have
the whole park to ourselves.
It's going to be great!
Give you a chance
to clear your head,
massage, rest, fresh start.
Hey, Dr. Vanderspeigle.
I heard you're taking
a trip to Yellowstone.
I will be joining you.
Oh, uh, well,
it's actually sort of
a family holiday--
Yeah.
Family.
I had a family once.
Two loving parents.
They promised to take me
to Yellowstone to play
with the yellow stones.
I dreamed of us
being there together in--
I want to say nature?
Mm-hmm?
But the day
we were supposed to leave,
they died.
That's the story.
They died.
It was sad.
They're both dead.
Oh, yes, yes.
That is so sad.
- Yeah.
- Mm.
Maybe we should bring
a doctor with us, just in case.
Uh, I think there are doctors
in Yellowstone.
Mm-hmm.
What if you get
in a car accident
on the way there?
You both die on impact.
Max is left alone, hungry.
He has to eat the dead flesh
of his parents.
If I'm there, he could eat me.
Not really sure how you being
a doctor factors in there.
OK, you know what?
It's-- it's fine.
You can come with us. Yeah.
Ben's alien abductions
are obviously
leading him to something
at Yellowstone,
and I will be right there
to discover what it is.
Shotgun!
- Oh.
Yellowstone Hotel,
please hold.
This is nice.
It's very charming.
Yeah,
definitely more relaxing
than a car ride
with Harry reciting
every single "Law and Order"
episode from memory.
Yeah.
OK, we're alone.
Now, you can tell me
why you're here.
But I haven't finished yet!
Then Lennie Briscoe says,
"Well, life is short."
Because he was short.
Also, he was dead.
I forgot that part.
Come on.
You owe me.
I convinced them
to let you come.
OK, I will tell you
why I am here.
To follow your father
to the Greys'
secret headquarters.
To... enjoy this
cartoon raccoon.
A raccoon?
What powers
the thousands of geysers
and hot springs
here at Yellowstone?
Heat from
the volcanic magma chamber
beneath your feet!
Ouch! That's hot!
That was worth the drive.
I read about your
hot stone massages online.
Can I book one of those here?
- Oh, I'm so sorry.
Our massage studio is closed.
- What?
- Oh.
- No, no.
I read about it,
um, on the website.
It says that it's
open year-round.
It is,
but we just had a snowstorm,
and our massage therapist
can't get down to the hotel.
Plow won't get up there
for a while.
What's the plow situation
with your manicurist?
You're in luck.
I do the manicures.
Ah!
- Oh! Pierced.
You know what?
Actually,
I think I'm just gonna
probably be
wearing my mittens.
I'll see you upstairs, honey.
- Mm.
Do you want to see?
That is really neat.
How do you get it
through the nail like that?
Mm.
- Hey, you OK?
- Hey.
Yeah.
Crying baby
next-door woke me up.
Can you hear it?
- Mm-mm.
No, I don't think so.
♪ I'll come along
and butter your part, baby ♪
♪ Don't chew
your bread without me ♪
♪ Don't, don't, don't, don't
♪ Don't chew
♪ Your bread without me
Hey, D'Arce.
Hmm?
- Hey?
- Oh.
Hey, Liv.
I need to talk
to you about something.
Is this about
who made the big snow penis
outside Town Hall?
- What?
- No.
I need your help
ID-ing a suspect.
You see a ton of people
come through here.
I thought you might recognize
who's in the passenger seat.
[dramatic music[
No, I've definitely
never seen this guy before.
Not ever, never.
Did you know that "never"
is short for "not ever"?
I feel like
I maybe made that up.
Anyway, I haven't seen him.
What about the shirt?
Is it familiar?
It's Colorado.
The people here are practically
made of plaid.
Did that guy just leave
and forget his...
martini shaker?
Yep.
It's definitely his.
I'm just gonna--
- Heyo.
- Hey.
I couldn't help but overhear,
because I was listening.
Oh.
I hope the case
isn't too dangerous.
Oh.
'Cause I worry about Mike,
you know?
Cop's old lady.
You know how it is.
It's like...
Nope.
Every time the phone rings,
is this gonna be the call?
It's scary.
Hey, I need you to give him
a message from me.
OK.
Oh.
Hey.
How was your date
the other night?
It didn't look like
it was going so well.
Yeah, not good.
Uh, he was barely human.
OK. Well, good.
I'm glad.
Because that means
you might be free Saturday.
There's a scare-a-thon
double horror feature.
I thought we could go together.
- Yes! I'd love that.
Except I have to work
a double Saturday.
Shoot.
I'm sorry.
That's OK.
Um, no worries.
Another time.
- OK.
Thanks for asking.
Jay!
Oh, my God!
Get in here!
You guys hanging out?
I love that for us.
I'd love to join, but I can't.
I gotta take a rain check.
Sorry.
- All right.
- We got a code red.
- Whoa!
Maybe don't say that.
A lot of things happen
when someone yells that here.
Mike and Liv are onto Harry
for the alien tracker's murder.
- What?
- Yeah.
Liv has a picture of him
in the van.
Well, not all of him,
but his shirt.
You know Liv.
She'll just go closet to closet
to closet till she finds it.
Oh, God.
We need to warn Harry.
Oh, shit, he's out of town.
Um-- I will call him.
- Are you crazy?
- Hey!
Whoa, hey!
What are you doing?
- Oh, my God!
- No, no, no! No!
Look, I'm covering your ass.
If Harry's in the crosshairs
for this investigation,
they'll subpoena his phone.
They'll see your text messages,
and then they'll subpoena
your phone, and then bam!
You'll go down with him.
You do know
that the police don't need
the actual phone to retrieve
digital records on it, right?
That's a good point.
I think
someone's in the closet.
Well, that's the
connecting door to the room
we're not using
because nobody from our family
is in that room.
Not using that door!
This one is closer!
Nope, uh, that door
is the family door, OK?
I will meet you
at the normal person door.
God!
I broke a nail!
I-- I would like
to trade these disgusting
fruit teas for some coffee.
There is none in my room.
You, uh, feeling
a bit of a draft there?
Yes, yes.
The cold air on my underparts
keeps my scrotum taut.
OK, well,
I don't really want to know
what's going on
with your scrotum.
Would you mind
closing your robe, please?
Mm.
Uh, we don't have
any coffee in here either.
One of the trucks
got snowed in,
along with half of the staff
because apparently
this is the first winter
it's ever snowed here.
There is fresh coffee
in the lobby, though, so...
I will go get coffee
once I know
what we are doing for the day.
Uh, we?
Oh, I cannot be alone!
I'm sad again
because of dead parents.
May they rest in one piece.
That is sad.
How did they die?
- Max, be nice.
I'm sorry.
Dr. Vanderspeigle, of course.
Of course,
you can come with us.
You know, I was thinking
that we could try snowshoeing.
No.
Ben needs to decide.
Here.
Oh, um...
Let your intuition
be your guide.
Tell your intuition
to be specific.
Uh...
- How about a snowcat tour?
- Yeah.
That did not sound
like Ben's voice.
OK, why don't we
just do Old Faithful?
That's a great place to start.
- Sure. Old Faithful.
Wait, are you saying that
because your wife said it
or because you want to do it?
I want to do it
because Kate said it,
and I like it when she's happy.
That's an awful way to live.
Close your eyes.
Close them shut.
- Mm.
What do you see?
A beam in an old barn,
and I am putting my head
through a circle made of rope.
- Honey.
- I already said Old Faithful.
Cool.
- Sounds fun.
- I'm excited.
I'm exhausted.
- OK, the coast is clear.
- OK, thank you, Dad.
I told you
you didn't have to come.
It's just Harry's cabin.
It's safe.
We don't know that.
The guy had a Grey Hybrid
after him.
Who knows
what's coming for him today?
Plus, he nicked
my fishing pole.
I want it back.
- OK.
How does an alien even afford
a cabin on the lake?
More importantly, who gets it
when he goes home or,
you know, when the bat alien--
- Can we focus, please? OK?
Mike and Liv are probably
on their way already,
looking for that plaid shirt.
I mean...
Ooh.
Ha!
What's he,
the Brawny paper towel man?
Whoa.
Look at all that plaid.
OK, what color was it?
Picture was black and white.
Looks like we're gonna
have to burn them all.
Planets are alive.
On Planet Earth, volcanoes,
forest fires, and earthquakes
are just some
of it's natural processes.
They are all necessary
for Earth's survival,
even if they take out
a few million people
now and then.
Water fills the chamber
beneath the geyser,
and eventually,
the water becomes
hot enough to vaporize,
triggering
the massive eruption.
Hey!
Where you been?
You missed it.
- Oh, that's OK.
I saw it on TV once.
I think.
The mayor obviously
does not care about this.
As I feared, Old Faithful
is not what drew him here.
Hey, Dad,
where did you get that hat?
Oh, you like it?
I just bought it
off a guy back there.
You bought a hat
off a stranger?
Well, not just any hat.
It's Sullivan Gravel Company.
They've been around
for, like, 70 years.
- But was it on his head?
- You're missing the point.
Gravel is one of
the most important
building materials
in the whole world.
Gravel is big dirt.
Much more complex than that.
Without gravel,
we couldn't live.
I prefer not living
to this conversation.
Let me look at your map.
Is there anywhere on here
you feel like going next?
How about a shower?
My head is getting
a little itchy.
This thing might be wool.
Uh, maybe it just came off
a stranger's head.
That is why the mayor
was compelled to come here--
Sullivan Gravel.
- Still no sign of Mr. Plaid?
- Nothing.
I've seen Ms. Polka Dot,
Professor Ugly Boots,
and I just got a real good look
at Deputy Can't Park.
I only hit the curb once,
and it was just because
I was distracted
by a pigeon with a limp.
Poor thing.
And then
I almost hit the pigeon.
Don't worry
about limping pigeons.
Over time,
they've developed the ability
to fake ankle injuries
to get more bread from people.
It's sad.
It used to be
such a proud bird.
Oh, and I saw your grandma.
Nana?
Where?
No, no.
Calm down, Deputy.
She's gone.
Sure moves fast
for an old lady,
more like a skitter.
Hi, Lena.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
He's good.
He's here right now.
He farted earlier.
What the--
I know, but he looks so cute
in that sweater you got him.
I appreciate it.
Talk soon.
Yes!
She has a contact
that can run the print
through a more comprehensive
military database.
Good.
That's good.
I'm sorry
she didn't ask about you.
No, no, it's fine.
I don't care about that,
so long
as the case is moving forward.
You made the paper, Deputy.
"To protect and serve?"
Question mark?
It's always that question mark
that's the killer.
Oh, no.
The reporter saw my interview
in the alien documentary.
Ugh.
"Deputy Olivia Baker's
obsession
"with UFOs isn't contained
to her off-duty life.
"Photos online
show Baker in uniform,
"posing with
the late Peter Bach,
"a popular
alien conspiracy theorist.
"There is no telling
what UFO conspiracies
Baker might be using our
tax dollars to investigate"?
"Olivia is a liar and has
been a liar her whole life,
says source close to Baker."
Jesus, this is bad.
He even hinted
at our secret investigation.
Listen, Deputy,
if I have taught you one thing,
it's that this job
is all about control.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
And you're
a master of control?
Well, I mean,
more of a Jedi,
but I'm working towards master.
- Wow.
Well, guess who
this is from, Jedi?
Ooh!
OK.
Uh, in my defense,
I was drunk, and--
and she smelled like vanilla.
I don't mean vanilla perfume.
I mean, like a damn cake,
and it
just caught me off guard,
and I was so hungry.
I know!
Look, I like Judy.
I mean,
she's cute and kooky,
and actually,
she's really sweet
in her own kind of weird way,
but yes, no,
I should not have--
have done that.
I'm gonna--
I'ma write her back, and--
just-- you know what?
I am going to
talk to her in-person.
- Mm-hmm.
- 'Cause-- just because.
"
Hey.
Hot chocolate.
Ooh, very hot.
- Mm, thanks.
♪ Everything is free
♪ That's what they say
♪ Everything I ever done
- I'm glad I know.
- Huh?
About Harry.
I don't want you to have
to do all this alone anymore.
♪ Someone hit
the big score ♪
Thank you.
Let's take turns.
It is so cold.
I can take over for a bit.
No, hey.
No, I got it.
OK.
Oh, that... one wasn't plaid.
Oh, yeah, I just--
I really hate that one.
Sorry, Harry.
There it goes.
♪ I can get a tip jar
Can you believe this?
All this stuff
is from the diner.
Two plates, three coffee cups--
I mean,
who steals a coffee pot?
I used to think Harry
didn't know
how the world works,
and now I just think
he's klepto.
Why don't you just
sit down and relax,
or go out and enjoy the fire?
I have to get rid of any sign
of the alien tracker.
He could have drank
from one of these.
Who knows?
♪ Never minded
working hard ♪
Dad?
- Sit.
OK.
Relax.
♪ That's what they say
♪ Everything I ever done
When I first got back
from Vietnam,
I just always felt like
there was some emergency
I had to get to.
I existed in a world
of chaos and dread.
Trauma.
And the strange thing is,
I was comfortable there.
♪ Gonna do it anyway
I'm sorry, Dad.
That sounds awful.
Jimmy's gone
from your life now,
and you've got me
and D'Arcy and that general
to help you with that alien.
You can breathe easy.
So what does life
look like for Asta
when she's not in crisis mode?
These gravel workers
are all in excellent
physical shape
and very good-looking.
One thing I know about
attractive humans
is they do not work
the night shift.
They work in the light,
so everyone can enjoy them.
No, these are not humans.
They are--
- Hi, Harry!
Wha--
How did you get here?!
Alien Tracker?
Alien?
Tell me what's going on.
You still owe me.
I owe you?
You would be an exhibit
in a zoo on my planet
if I hadn't brought you back.
And you'd be dead
in a Grey alien trap
if I hadn't saved you.
Oh, I see, tits for tats.
You play well.
You have good tits.
- Inappropriate.
- Fine.
I have made a discovery.
Do you see those workers
over there?
Yeah?
They all look like
toothpaste models.
Yes.
Exactly.
Because they are Grey Hybrids.
- They're half-electric?
- No!
They are alien hybrids!
That means they are
half-human and half-alien.
The hybrids are gravitating
to that trailer,
and I need to find out why.
You stay here.
- I want to help.
Fine.
You can help with one thing.
OK.
Peel this orange.
When I get back, I'll eat it.
Nice try.
Keep it moving, pal.
I'm spoken for.
Ooh!
And that's
who's doing the speaking!
Hey, my guy!
- Hey! Hey!
- I saved you a seat.
- Oh.
It's the one on this stool.
Oh!
Could, uh--
could we have a word?
It's my butt.
Your butt, OK.
I know.
Uh, in the back?
- Yeah, I do that, too.
Oh, that's good.
Can we talk in--
in the back?
- Oh!
Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Sure, OK.
- Let's do that.
Yes, indeed.
After me.
So, uh--
I'm sorry, but I can't make it
to your birthday dinner.
And, um, don't get me wrong.
The other night
was a lot of fun,
but I'm just not looking
to get involved with anyone.
Oh.
Totally, me neither.
So what did you think,
we were gonna, like,
buy a house together
or something?
Well, I guess not.
A little ranch-style,
you know,
two-bedroom with a tree
in the yard and, you know,
somewhere to sit
and maybe some squirrels
for Kevin and Cletus to chase?
No!
Not us!
- So dumb.
Oh.
Oh, JuJu.
Oh, whew!
I was nervous.
I'm glad you understand.
- Yeah.
And I hope you have
a very happy birthday.
- Thanks.
- OK?
- Yeah.
- All right.
Thanks.
- You want to talk about it?
- Talk about what?
Oh, I'm--
the party was just, like,
a stupid idea anyway.
I'm just gonna call my mom
and tell her to cancel it.
I totally don't care.
I feel so stupid.
I just-- you know.
When is it gonna be my turn?
Just as I suspected,
a secret entrance.
A portal!
It must lead directly
to the Greys' ship.
Someone here
ask for an orange?
- Is that a catchphrase?
- I'm trying it out.
Well, it's not very good.
Let's enjoy the moment.
You did your job.
Now, fall back.
That means go back to the car.
The Gravel Company
must be the Greys' cover
to hide
what they're really doing.
Whatever their plan is,
it is a massive operation.
It clearly has been
in progress for decades.
Oh.
Hot, hot, hot,
hot, hot, hot, hot!
Hot.
- What's that?
Well, the spa may be closed,
but I can still give you
a nice hot-stone massage.
Found 'em outside.
- Oh, Ben.
That's very--
I'm sorry, what is that smell?
Mm, not sure
if these are all rocks.
Does Yellowstone have turtles?
- You microwaved a turtle?
- No.
I microwaved a rock that looks
a lot like a turtle.
Oh, God.
I'm sorry about this trip.
It's just been a disaster.
No.
Yeah, I just--
I wanted to give you a break,
just a chance to reset,
and I blew it.
- No, I'm glad you did. OK?
A trip does not have
to be perfect to be special.
The important thing is
we were all here together.
Right?
- Yeah.
And where is Max anyway?
Who knows?
Arcade?
OK, now you hear that, right?
- Hear what?
At least
let me remember this time!
Let me remember!
Kate?
What are you doing?
Is that your baby?
Yes.
- Can I hold her?
- No.
Please--
Come on.
I'm so sorry.
The greatest force
in the universe
is entropy,
the tendency toward chaos.
Things fall apart.
There is no extended warranty.
Even if there were,
it would still be a ripoff.
But causing things
to fall apart
outside the natural order
is just wrong.
The Greys are not builders.
They are destroyers.
They are as shortsighted
and selfish as humans,
but even worse,
because they are smarter.
That is why
I have to figure out
why they want to store
so much water underground.
There must be some reason.
Son of a bitch!
The Greys' cavern is here.
If they filled it completely
with water,
then connected it by a tunnel
to the magma chamber,
millions of gallons of water
would suddenly heat up,
and the pressure would turn
the 2,000 square miles
of Yellowstone National Park
into the most destructive
natural bomb
in the history of the world.
What powers the thousands
of geysers and hot springs
here in Yellowstone?
Heat from
the volcanic magma chamber
beneath your feet.
Ouch! That's hot!
That's so hot!
Oh, my God!
I'm burning alive.
Oh! Ah!
I found a store in Braddock
that sells the exact
plaid shirt from the video.
They gave me a list
of everyone who bought it,
and six of them
live in Patience.
And guess what?
The shirt was on sale,
so I bought one for John.
Excellent work,
but now, I've got to put
John's name
on the suspect list.
John might want to lawyer up.
- Oh, God, it's Nana.
- Hi!
- Is my tie straight?
- Uh--
- Fix it.
- OK, I'm trying.
- Fix it!
- OK!
Nana!
Hi.
Doing a-- a little shopping?
Well, let's see.
I got a shopping bag.
Oh, could I be shopping?
Uh, it's good seeing you
again, Miss Patty.
I'll go warm up the truck.
- Nope.
Oh, is this one giving you
a hard time
since she became a big shot?
Picture in the paper,
just like Princess Margaret.
Oh, you read the article?
Of course
I read the article, Liv.
I was interviewed for it.
Not that they gave me
any credit.
So you're the unnamed source?
You called me a liar, Nana.
I did not.
I called you a fantasist.
I said you were always
making stuff up
and your relationship with
reality was tenuous at best.
That seems worse.
For Pete's sake,
fix your uniform.
You can't expect
to get any respect
if you're walking around town
like you're
the cheapest girl
in the whorehouse.
Right, Sheriff?
Bye, Nana.
She's so funny.
Oh, hey,
it's from Detective Torres.
Her contact got a match
on that print from the van.
Dr. Wendy Beasley,
retired military chemist.
You were right.
Her prints were in
the military archives.
Are you kidding me?
We did it!
We got a match!
This is great news!
I try so hard!
It's OK, Deputy.
So the Greys
want to kill us all
and take the planet
for themselves?
Yes.
I do not know why
they are doing it.
They cannot live long in
Earth's atmosphere or gravity.
So how long till it blows up?
Based on the amount of water
it will take
to fill the cavern,
maybe a year.
I mean, a year is plenty
of time to stop them, right?
I love a year.
We could do a year.
Yes.
I will stop the Greys
from destroying the planet.
OK.
I can't talk about the end
of the world without dessert.
Thanks, Dad.
Uh-- but I--
Harry's gonna stop
Yellowstone from blowing up.
What? No!
I did not say that.
I said I will stop the Greys
from blowing it up.
I cannot stop Yellowstone
from blowing itself up.
I'm sorry, what?
The Yellowstone Caldera,
it erupts every 600,000 years.
The last time it erupted
was 634,000 years ago.
So, yes, that baby is crowning.
Wouldn't it be funny
if I stopped the Greys,
and then the caldera
blew up right after?
That would be funny.
Because of the timing.
Comedy is all about...
The timing.
- OK, yes.
It's a volcano.
But without the Greys' cave
and the water thing,
it won't be as bad, right?
No, not as bad.
The Earth
will not be destroyed.
OK, good.
It will kill
millions of people,
though, including all of you.
I prefer it
with the whipped cream.
Mm.
I'm not hungry
for pie anymore.
I'll take it.
Do not be worried.
In a few thousand years,
the Earth will return
to normal, reborn.
He's right.
The volcanoes are a big part
of the cycle of things.
They've been going on
a lot longer than we have.
Yeah,
but what are we supposed
to do with this information?
What did you do
with it before?
Not know it?
Well, just keep doing
the only thing you know to do
while you're still alive.
Live the best life you can.
A human lifespan
can last 85 years,
or more, if they are lucky.
It might seem long to humans,
but when compared
to the age of Planet Earth,
a human life would only be
141 seconds long.
♪ And I want
all the world to know ♪
That is why
it is important for them
to live the best life
they can,
to be the best human
they can...
Every day.
Oh, my goodness, I love you!
Hi!
And appreciate the seconds
they have with one another.
♪ Yeah, if we're lost
♪ We are lost together
You blew off work.
You think I'd miss
watching you scream?
Here.
Shh!
Luckily for them,
they will all get
a little more time.
I'm the only one
who can stop the Greys,
and I will not give up
until I do.
You're a Blue Avian!
OK.
So I am from
the Galactic Federation,
and I'm here to inform you
that you are being served.
Served?
For what?
Among the charges,
you broke galactic law
when you did not honor
your contract with the Greys
to vacate the planet.
- Mm.
So you are hereby ordered
to leave Earth immediately.
Honestly, dude,
just go to the back
and sign the last page.
You are in big trouble.
Son of a bitch.
♪ And if we're lost
♪ Then we are lost together
♪ Yeah, if we're lost
♪ We are lost together
♪ And if we're lost
♪ Then we are lost together
♪ Together, together